as a supervisor, I generally follow whatever the Navy guidelines are.
If it's banned by the Navy, then I ban it. If it's not, if it's allowed
by the Navy, then I allow it. Um, there are some exceptions. So,
for instance, let's say we have a sailor who just got a red badge or
yellow badge. You know, they got caught drinking. They got caught
staying out after curfew. And the Navy has these rules like, Hey, you
know what? Like now, you're not supposed to be out after 11 o'clock.
In those cases, I'm a little bit mawr, um, more strict with them.
I say, Hey, you know what? Like if you get caught past caught, if you
get caught out past 11 o'clock in, the name is going to do this.
So I suggest I strong suggest that you make it here by 10 o'clock. Eso
That's like a personal thing that I do because I don't want them
to ruin their career. You know, like if you're really strict on the
line and you know, even even if you're over like past two minutes, you
know there's no there's no remorse for those guys, you know, and
I know that those rules could be, like, really strict like that. You
know, you could be, uh, going to jail for bread and water with bread
and water. You know, I I don't wanna see anyone in those situations.
So I give them a buffer to help them with their careers. So that,
like, if they do go past my band, um, I don't have toe follow the Navy's
rules. Whereas if they go back past the Navy's band, then I would
definitely go pack, go through with the Navy's rules, you know?
So I give him buffers, personal buffers.